Fixed broken link (#16757)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/index.md

- {{HTTPHeader("X-Frame-Options")}} (XFO)
  - : Indicates whether a browser should be allowed to render a page in a {{HTMLElement("frame")}}, {{HTMLElement("iframe")}}, {{HTMLElement("embed")}} or {{HTMLElement("object")}}.
- {{HTTPHeader("X-Permitted-Cross-Domain-Policies")}}

>   - : Specifies if a cross-domain policy file (`crossdomain.xml`) is allowed. The file may define a policy to grant clients, such as Adobe's Flash Player (now obsolete), Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Silverlight (now obsolete), or Apache Flex, permission to handle data across domains that would otherwise be restricted due to the [Same-Origin Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy). See the [Cross-domain Policy File Specification](https://hubsadda.com/cross-domain-policy-file-specification/) for more information.

Reviewer: Why not keep linking the origin domain?

```suggestion
  - : Specifies if a cross-domain policy file (`crossdomain.xml`) is allowed. The file may define a policy to grant clients, such as Adobe's Flash Player (now obsolete), Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Silverlight (now obsolete), or Apache Flex, permission to handle data across domains that would otherwise be restricted due to the [Same-Origin Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy). See the [Cross-domain Policy File Specification](https://www.adobe.com/devnet-docs/acrobatetk/tools/AppSec/CrossDomain_PolicyFile_Specification.pdf) for more information.
```
